Update Themes page for Chase release (#6475)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/themes/index.mdx

## Which theme to pick

> Salt offers three themes: the default ‘JPM Brand’ for all new projects, ‘Legacy’ for migrating older applications from the previous design system, and ‘Chase’ for cross-brand consumers. The eventual goal for older applications from the previous design system remains transitioning to the JPM Brand theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Salt offers three themes: the default JPM Brand, recommended for all new projects; Legacy, designed to support the migration of applications from Salt's predecessor; and Chase, available exclusively to JPMorganChase employees for applications serving Chase customers. The long-term goal for Legacy users remains transitioning to the JPM Brand theme.
```

For a gradual move from the UITK system, Salt’s Legacy (UITK) theme can be used with UITK components to support different migration timelines and needs. J.P. Morgan employees can find more details on [migration options and system comparisons](https://go/saltds-migration).

### Chase theme

> The Chase theme enables teams to build and deliver products within the Chase visual identity. Chase is available as a separate library in Figma and as a standalone package in code. J.P. Morgan employees can find [installation instructions and setup guidance](https://go/saltds-chase-theme) internally.

Reviewer: Should we change this to JPMorganChase employees?
```suggestion
The Chase theme enables teams to build and deliver products within the Chase visual identity. Chase is available as a separate library in Figma and as a standalone package in code. JPMorganChase employees can find [installation instructions and setup guidance](https://go/saltds-chase-theme) internally.
```
